Description.
This project is a disdtributed ROS-2 Humble -based setup of several computers serving the purpose of an intelligent smart house. The main (Station) computer works as a more powerful server. It processes images from a connected camera, makes control decisions, maintains connections with the outside world and maintains communication with the peripheral computers.
Currently, there is one peripheral computer, the Raspberry. A connection between the Station and the Raspberry is established through a router less Wi-Fi network. This project serves as a simple yet applied foundation. The Raspberry has connected two independent electrical circuits, a "day unit" and a "night unit". These two units are connected to two Raspberry GPIO pins (set as Outputs only) via optocouplers. The Raspberry also has three inputs, using three GPIO pins (set as Inputs/Buttons only). The input periphery is also connected to the Raspberry via optocouplers. There are three GPIO input pins which work in a binary mode (can be "pressed" or "released", "1" or "0").

- camera is directly connected to the Station via USB cable. It is currently used for tracking day/night conditions and should also be used for movement detection.
- Wi-Fi network. The Station works as an Access Point, and the Raspberry is a client. No extra Wi-Fi equipment is needed.
- message exchange between the Station and the Raspberry is ROS-based and bi-directional. Raspberry receives messages to change output states, sends feedback messages about what is received and what is completed. Raspberry also sends messages about inputs and some service information (alarm, low voltage, overheating etc.)
